From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 14. Recorded live
Tuesday, April 10th, 2012. Support for Hanselman.
This is provided by Telerx
offering the best in developer
tools and support online@telerik.com. In
this episode, Scott talks with
his wife Mo about how
to manage a mixed text
slash normal marriage. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
I have done 300 and
something 11, 12 shows. And
to this day, which are
all my technical accomplishments, the
most popular show that we
have ever done on Hansel
minutes was talking to my
wife, my wife. Hello wife.
Hey, so the people have
spoken. They are not interested
in highly technical content or
open source libraries. They want
to talk to you, But
super cool, especially, Oh, the
phone rings. Is it the
phone? I said to turn
off, I believe that's your
phone. That's not my phone.
Alright. Did they just tell
you to turn your phone
off? Okay. Yeah. So people
want to hear from you.
That's cool. I, this is
going to say before your
phone rang that I always
feel like I could call
in when like got reads
out available or fell hack
or Rob or any of
those guys. So woo Show.
You're my you're my second.
That's right? Yeah, we were.
So we live outside of
town and we were driving
in and a couple of
months ago, I want to
say six months ago, maybe
you insisted that we go
straight and I want to
turn right, because turning right
as the quicker way home,
and you had said, no,
no, I've been doing this
other way. I drive this
other way home. And I've
been doing this for months.
You told me like, what,
why would, why are you
doing, why would you go
this way and be like,
Oh, well, there's fewer lights.
And you described this way
to get home that you
were, that you were going.
And I was showing you
on the map that, and
the word of the day,
that day was demonstrably. How
the word, that way home
is demonstrably, slower demonstrably. Write
it down. How, okay. The
argument started where you didn't
understand, you didn't agree that
the map, what, what was
the deal? Why would you
not just accept that? That
was not the quickest way
home. I love the fact
that you have trouble putting
it in a diplomatic. The,
the issue, the issue is
this, you said, no, no,
you go down this street
and then you turn right
here. And it's like way
faster. And I looked at
the map and it was
almost like, you know, I'm
drawing this line like way
down here and then way
up here. And I'm like,
it was an issue of
it wasn't even mapping. It
was geometry. I'm just like,
this is way out of
the way. Why you didn't
want to hear about the
map. I tried to show
you the GPS map. And
I said, look, and you
said, I didn't want to
see your maps. Well, look,
I mean, I think you
have two different people who
are competent, who can get
the job done. And by
competent, I'm talking about myself
and you know, you're competent
to, in your own small
way. No, we were two
different people. And I think
it's important for your listeners
to understand that you and
I are very similar people.
We, we get the job
done at the end, but
it's the execution that always
kills us because we always
want to do it two
different ways. We get to
the same point at the
end, but how we get
these very, very different. So
all I was saying was
why not skip the lights?
I mean, I think we're
going from my sister's house
home, which is about 42
lights in between. My recommendation
was go ahead and avoid
the lights and go the
road that allows you to
go 55 miles per hour,
right? The flow the way
with fewer lights, except that
way a cursory glance would
show you it was 17
miles South Southwest of where
we were going, Right? And
again, not to rehash this
issue, No, this is people
who are deeply interested in
this issue. People are deeply
interested in this, Right? So
my thinking was because we're
going significantly faster than if
you go through the lights,
new going 35 miles per
hour, doing the math will
mean that at some point
it's going to be faster
to go 55 miles per
hour than it is 35
miles an hour. Right? So
the problem that I was
having though, is that doing
the math, even the cursory
math showed immediately that this
was a problem. So what
we ended up doing was
Moe would go this way
for months. And I would
go the other way until
we finally found ourselves in
a situation where we both
were on that one side
of town with two cars.
Right. And we stopped at
a, I said, okay, here
we are. We happen to
be in right behind each
other. Let's go, you go
straight. I'll turn right. And
I'll meet you at hot
home. And I got there
15 minutes earlier than you
did. And you thought I
was lying to me Clear,
you have been known to
be generous. Shall I say
in your use of the
item? Well, whenever someone says,
whenever you're on the phone
with someone, they say, well,
where are you? You could
either tell them that you're
wherever you, like, if you
just pass something, you could
like look to your right
and say, I just pass
it. Or you could look
as far forward in the
horizon as possible. And then
pick a, a, an exit
that you can barely see
just as the curvature of
the earth is coming up.
And you could say, Oh,
I'm at that exit. Cause
I'm basically there. I can
see exactly I'll be there
in 10 minutes. But in
this instance, no, I got
home and I told you
I'm here. And it was
about 13 minutes. So I
thought that I had used
a wormhole or some teleportation
device to achieve this accomplishment.
Yeah. I mean, I, I
will say I was shocked
and I do not use
that word lightly. I was
shocked at how much faster
you were. You were home
when you said you were
home. And I just, I
didn't see that. So the
question is, and I think
this is a common in
what I call mixed marriages,
cakes and normals, right? Presuming
you're the normal, and this
is just checking in geek
relationships. I felt this was
very, very logical. And it
seems like when I refer
back to a map or
anytime I invoke the laws
of physics, geometry, or the
calculus in a conversation, and
I'm realizing now, after 12
years of marriage, that's not
working for you. Why Effectively?
It's like, you're not speaking
my language. Look, if you're
trying to communicate with your
wife whom you love more
than anything else in this
world, not as I say
that, yes, not okay. You've
got to be able to
speak to me in a
way that works for me.
So I, I generally refer
to that as speaking my
language. What is it that
you want? Well, you want
to have a conversation with
your wife while you can
do it. One of two
ways. You can say it
in a manner that she
will understand you and can
engage in the conversation, or
you can use Greek, which
she doesn't speak. And when
you're looking at me and
saying, so are we heading
North Northwest or wide? And
I say, well, whereby the
Safeway do with that information,
what you will. And you're
like, so is that East?
I'm like no idea just
by saying, Right. That's what
I think that sometimes geeks
nerds to Abe's computer people
have trouble understanding is that
if we can't agree on
the four directions, you know
what I mean? Like if
we can't simply agree that
that's North and more specifically,
that North provides value, like
the knowledge of North refined
value. So in this instance,
I felt like it was
a matter of, I drew
a line from point a
where we were to point
B the house and I
drew the straightest line that
I could. And you drew
a line that like wildly
flew off the page and
then came back, was a
zigzag kind of a lightning
bolt and then tried to,
well, it turns out it
wasn't, but you tried to
sell me that. That's what
became frustrating is when I
said, well, I, this is
where it got interesting. I
said, the GPS says that
it's like 15 miles longer.
And you said, I don't
care what the GPS says.
I believe what I said
was it's been known to
be wrong before which it
has, But then so within
it, this is where we
get into the computer mind.
Right, right. It's right. More,
it's wrong. And I would
say that the preponderance of
evidence and the multibillion dollar
GPS industry is on my
side. Why are you, so
you always talk about having
faith that you have the
faith that you know, what
you're doing and you're competent
and then data. But in
this instance, you were literally
throwing against not only the
face of logic and direction
and the compass directions, but
also the entire GPS community
and the entire industry, because
it might've been wrong. Yeah.
It could have been wrong.
But I mean, that, that,
that logic stuff doesn't work.
Right. I mean, like, but
at the same time, apply
that to when, when I,
when we go to dinner,
parties and stuff, and then
all my logic doesn't work.
Right. You know, you call
this EEQ versus IQ. Right.
The emotional quotient, like, what
was the thing that I
did at your brother's house
with the kitchen? Oh, well,
which time Oh, if the
color, the color of the
kitchen. Right? Right. So we,
we walked into my brother's
house and he had repainted
his house, yellow. And you
in your infinite wisdom said,
I don't like that. Right.
Well, I don't think I
said it quite like that,
but I said, wow, that's
really very yellow. And I
don't care for it. Did
I really say that to
that effect yet? I don't
know if I did quite
say that, but the point
was that it was exceedingly
yellow, he must have known
that it was yellow. I
mean, it was hard to
hear him speak because it
was so loud. It was
just extremely yellow kitchen. And
I didn't understand why that,
why that was a problem.
Well, again, I mean, you
know, it's, it's the same
thing I've said before though.
What is it that you're
trying to accomplish here once,
you know, what the answer
to that question is, then
you can sort of figure
out how to get there.
Right. I think you were
probably trying to say, Hey,
I noticed that you painted.
Right. And you're saying, Hey,
I noticed something's different. Yeah.
That's probably fair to say
so that there were other
ways to have said that
in a manner that was
less, it was very direct,
right. In a culture that
is perhaps less direct. You
know, you, you go through
that whole idea of saving
face. Yeah. Show. It was
bride yesterday. He didn't care
for it. But you know,
the African standards says you
don't need to necessarily walk
in through the door. And
however nicely you said, the
underlying message was that's bright.
I don't care for it.
You know, it's not your
house thoughtfulness. And apart you
were coming at it from
the point of view is,
Hey, I'm giving you honest
feedback, you know, but it
really landed like, wow, okay.
So he is a rude
guy who just flew in
all the way from the
United States. And the second thing
he says after, hi, how
are you? You're yeah, you're
overselling it a little bit,
but I hear you saying,
do you think that if
you, have you found any
other engineers, like we have
other couple friends and stuff
where there's an engineer with
the woman's engineer that man's
engineer, is this a gender
thing or is this an
engineer thing? No, That's pretty
much a Hanselman thing. You
can, you can own that.
I'm being serious though. Is
it? It's not just the
handsome thing. I mean, come
on. Do you think that
this is my work feedback?
Like my work persona, that's
leaking into the personal life
where it's like, let's take
care of business. Let's, you
know, let's come to a
quorum and let's move forward
with the next action item.
Well, sure. I mean, again,
you've got to understand that
it's, it's a function of
what you spend most of
your time doing, right? To
the extent that you're spending
eight, nine, sometimes 10 hours,
12 hours a day, working
with engineers, people who think
like you, right. It's a
process in the manner that
you process at the speed
that you process. When you
shift from that, you, you
know, we talked about this,
I think once before, where
you almost need to decompress
a little bit before you
are a fit for the
rest of society, you know
what I mean? Almost like
it's a, it's a, it's
an engineer technologist version of
the Benz, right? The Benz,
or when you're deep underwater
in a scuba tank. And
if you come up too
fast, you'll explode. She got
to come up real slow
and you gotta start decompression
chamber. Maybe engineers need some
kind of decompression chamber for
them to realize that coming
in and like all come
out of the office because
I work from home and
I'll go over and then
like, maybe dinner's cooking and
you're making me sad now
because I'm going to wince.
But I'm like, is this
what we're having? Or is
that how you cook? Is
there enough oil here? Are
we cooking? You know? And
it's just like, I've immediately
gone into like code review
mode of the rice and
meat that we're about to
have. Right. Right. And then,
I mean, I do that
too. Right. I spend a
lot of time say with
the boys and they are
busy, they are biting their
nails, scratching each other. They
are not listening. They're using
the loud voices. And I
sometimes catch myself saying inside
voices, please. And I'm talking
to you, look at me.
And you're like, wow, okay.
That, you know, how on
earth is that applicable here?
Well, I heard you're saying
something somewhat loudly and I
immediately went to inside forests.
See, that's really interesting. I'm
glad that you actually are
bringing up this issue here
in a public forum, because
I think it's interesting that,
that I do get into
an engineer mode and that
doesn't work for you. But
at the same time, I
think it's cool that you
just recognize that sometimes you'll
like yell at me about
a couple of days ago
from word lowercase, Y the
cabinets in the kitchen, I
open them and then I
walk away. But in my
mind, I'll get to them.
I'll close them later, but
you want them closed immediately.
That's the kind of thing
you tell a four year
old. Right. But I'm a
grown ass man. Like you,
you know what I mean?
But the question is then
when you, especially when you
have kids, who are we,
if I deal with engineers
all day and you deal
with four year olds all
day, let me come back
together. And I'm talking to
you like an engineer, and
you're talking to me like
a four year old. Right,
right. How do we reconcile
that kind of stuff? Exactly.
And it is hard. It
is hard because you know,
the audience that I'm working
with and talking to is
shifted. And if my brain
doesn't shift fast enough, you
can end up with, you
know, a mixture of those
two worlds kind of blending
into each other where it's
like, Whoa, I'm talking to,
you know, 38 year old
Scott as if he's four
and I'm talking to a
four year old, you know,
T as if he's, if
he's 30, I mean, it's,
it's about the benefit of
the doubt, Right? And that
is the thing that we
have found. Actually, we were
working on this, this book
that continues to be worked
on a year or two
later. We'll talk about that
in a second. But this
idea of benefit of the
doubt is so important. It's
like being deferential, the idea
that there's 6 billion people in
the world. Right. But you're
the one that I've decided
to hang out with. Or
I guess you decided to
hang out with me, lucky,
lucky you, I had no
choice in the matter. I'm
lucky you even talked to
me at this point, but
I'm on your side and
you're on my side. And
to remember that is so
important in any relationship. Cause
you know, you come home
and you're tired and I
come home and I'm tired.
It's difficult to remember that
I'm not here to make
your life more difficult. It
just seems. That makes sense.
Right? Yeah. How do you
deal with that? I mean,
how do you feel that
that's hard to remember? Well,
well it is, I mean,
ended, it depends on what's
going on, right? When, when
the boys are doing particularly
well, it's like, Oh, we
have such beautiful babies who
are awesome. Right? You feel
good about that? It's particularly
harder when there's a challenge
or there's a compelling, you
know, there's a push against,
Oh, I think we should
do this. And you're pushing
back saying, no, not only
should we not do that.
That idea is ridiculous in
the first place. You know,
not because you're saying those
words, I just feel like
you're saying that. So the
idea that we are on
the same team, I mean,
we chose to be together.
We chose to, to, to,
to love each other and
be together. And we're happy
that way, even though it
doesn't always look like it,
you know, every waking moment,
one of the, Well, and
when you bring in kids
to the situation or solving
a problem like that, like
without getting into any specific,
let's say that, you know,
they got child number one
and you think the child
number one should do something
this summer. And I think
that that's not a good
idea, child number one's time
is better spent doing something
else. We're both. W w
we, we can get into
really, really animated discussions, animated,
animated discussions. You know, you
can get into lowercase, a
arguments about this kind of
stuff, and then it can
go, it can get nasty
if, but if you have
to remember that we both
love child number one, and
we want him to be
successful. Right. But when you
come to a, to a
M, if you're not careful,
one of us can get
into the, well, you know,
you don't care about the
kid enough, or you're not
focused on his success. Those
are the kinds of things
where I think the word
that, that term, the benefit
of the doubt comes in.
You've got to remember you,
not you. But one has
to remember that we each
love the child. We each
love the child. We want
it to be successful. We
just differ on a particular
implementation. Is that exactly? As
I said before that for
us, it's the execution of
the stuff in the middle.
I mean, we, we are
very good on the theory.
We agree. Yes. Kids need
to be educated. Education is
awesome. Great. Right. How to
do it is where we
sometimes get into, into, into
issues. But as you said,
I mean, we both love
our kids. We both want
to see them succeed and
thrive and be healthy and
well. And even though the
suggestions you have initially come
across as really ridiculous and
not thought out at all,
and you are wrong. I
hope that your, your, your
snark comes over on the,
on the podcast. What's no,
we'll edit it right away.
No, but what I do
know to be true is
you, you have the boys
as interests at heart. You
love them very much as
much as I do. So
it isn't always easy in
the moment, but to come
back and kind of step
away sometimes helps to, to
come. They'd say, you know,
I'm not at a place
right now where can really
hear what you are saying,
because as you speak, I
have these ideas that are
coming up in my mind
and I lose your words
to the picture I'm painting.
So I'm going to separate
myself for whatever, you know.
Yeah. And just kind of
think about it a little
bit and then come back
because I do agree. It's
the benefit of the doubt
when the same time we're
working together Well, and putting
it into, into engineering terms
for myself and for the
listeners, the idea that we
agree on the design, we
agree on the vision. We
agree on the mission statement.
We differ on implementation. Right?
And one of the things,
when I was working at
Intel, that they always remind
us of reminded us about
was the notion of disagree
and commit. Right. We've used
that in our marriage. Haven't
we? Right? There's this idea
that, that, okay, I'm not
a hundred percent on board
with this way, but I
know that it will be
fine in the end. It
is. There's an implementation detail
that I don't like, but
we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll
achieve the goal. So I'm
going to disagree, but I
will commit, but the trick
would disagree and commit is
you don't get to complain
about it. Right. Cause if
you don't what happens? I
told you so exactly. And
resentment and yeah. And that's
one of the things that
we talked about in the
last show was that I
told you, so leads to
resentment and resentment is the
number one thing that will
kill a marriage or a
relationship. Exactly. Yeah. But you
talked a little bit about
the book. I think we
should, that's an example. That's
a good example of implementation,
but we can. No, that's
okay. That's a great, so,
so we got this book
that we talked about at
the end of the last
show, and we were going
to put it up on
the web and start working
on it. And we've got
like, I think like five
or six chapters done. Right.
So I went and put
it online, not the book,
but the intent to write
the book at a website
called lean pub. It's a
publishing site because I thought
about the book in terms
of source code, I'm going
to write it and I'm
gonna build it. And people
will be able to subscribe
and watch it and I
can get lots of feedback.
And you thought, I didn't
think that for me, the
book was this awesome, warm
and fuzzy project that Moe
and Scott were going to
work on. And it was
just this intimate, great thing.
And we're going to take
our time and, you know,
ride it step away, come
back rewrite. You know? So,
so my vision was a
lot softer. It was a
lot more laid back was
a lot more private of
the process than, than I
think what you had in
mind. So imagine my joy.
When you told me that
you had put up this,
It's just a one page
informational site to collect interest
on whether or not people
wanted to read the book.
Exactly. So I, I didn't,
I, to me, what I
thought I heard was you
saying, Oh, I've created this,
this website for the book.
And I just thought, Oh
no, you know, this, this
is not the private take
your time. Enjoyed, enjoy the
process of it thing I
had in mind. But this
is where I think we
differ not only on implementation,
but on vision. It's a
book, books are read by
other people. It's not a
journal. I didn't suggest that
we write in a diary
that we know it's not
like the loving book that
will just sit on the
love seat and read about,
you know, to ourselves. I
presume there would be more
than two people reading the
book. Right. Well, hopefully. Right.
Yeah. But at the same
time, my, my job, what
I do is to execute
and with, with this podcast
or with stuff I do
with Rob Connery or stuff
I do at work, let's
get it done. Like I
just did this. I didn't
tell you this yet. But
that, that productivity video that
I did in New Zealand, that's
up and, you know, giving
it away. And it's just
part of the web, you
know, did it Webstock and
everyone gets to listen to
it. And it's great. Free,
free love. Right. Execute, execute,
execute. Right. Give a great
talk, get it videoed. Webstock
guys are awesome. They made
it happen. They put it
out there all day. So
when the book idea came
up, it's like, let's execute.
Right. Right. Let's see how
let's see how quickly we
can get a great book
out there. And then as
they say, in engineering, fail
fast, right? If the book
sucks, you get feedback, you
update the book and then
you make it better. So
I thought that we would
be crowdsourcing ideas. And you
were like, I don't know,
this is, this is for
us. I don't care what
the crowd says. Right. Right.
I mean, again, for me,
it was the journey. You
know, you, you have a,
I mean, an efficiency and
you can be ruthlessly efficient
and extremely effective at getting
things done. I mean, between
your family, my family, hands
down, you are the number
one person that we turn
to when there's a problem.
And we needed handled and
everybody's thrashing, and we don't
know exactly what he would
be or whatever. You know
what we're thrashing, you know,
the left hand is saying
this the right hand is
saying that, and there's just
general confusion. You come in
and you're able to, to
a certain extent, almost isolate
all the different voices and
plug what is important to
each one and then synthesize
those and come up with
a plan. That's awesome engineer.
Right. Right. But that, that
is not what I wanted.
You know, that was not
what I envisioned for the
process. For me. It was,
I guess I said a
softer, it's the journey. We're
going to enjoy this. Oh,
wow. We're going to, you
know, sit under this Apple
tree as we bright or
whatever, on a summer day
type of thing Later a
year and a half later
as want to get, like
t-shirts made, we've got five
chapters written, I've got another
seven to do. Right. I'm
thinking in my mind, I'm
just thinking, let's get those
chapters out there. Right. And,
and I would go so
far as to put words
in the listeners, voices at
the ones that are interested
in the book would just
like to see the book,
right. Or we could spend
another year kind of dancing
and a meadow and, and
working on the book, can
we find balance? That's such
a completely different vision. It
is. It is a complete
cause you know, my pushback
to that is, Hey, what
price do you put on
quality? Right. Well, you could
put it here. Yeah. It's
1295 possibly Canadian, but Yeah.
Right. Yeah. So, I mean,
are we writing a book
or not? Right. Is that
a pamphlet for family? And
what's wrong with dancing? The
meadow? I'm just saying Sundance
in the Metro in money.
I don't know. Okay. So
yeah. I could bring in
your listeners back into this.
Yeah, No, but my question
is, how do you rec
how are we going to
reconcile that? That's a great
example of, of, of a
family argument, about a book,
about pause for it, solving
arguments between geeks and regulars.
Well, again, I mean, we
just wrote a chapter of
the book right there. Well,
I mean, and then that's
where you go back again
to benefit of the doubt
working together. We're a team
and communication. I mean, right.
How many times do you
hear this all the time,
you've got to talk to
your partner and know your
audience is what I think.
I said that before, where
I thought I knew what
you wanted. Right. I thought
I knew, I totally thought
I knew you wanted to
write a book. Thanks. Exactly.
So we were both kind
of on the same page,
we both said, Oh, let's
write a book. Yay. You
know, and it just fell
apart after that sentence, the
rest that followed from there
was just completely Because I
was like, okay, we're going
to do it in Mark
down and check it in
to get, and you're like,
wait a second. Does that
work in word? Is that
word? Or what is that?
Yeah. So this is the,
the, the, the, the theory
behind the book is relationships
between regular folks. One of
us is regular and people
who tend to be a
little bit different. Do you
think that I'm different built
in, or do you think
that this is because I'm
an engineer and I've, I've
just done that. I've done
that to myself. Well, probably
a bit of both. Right?
I mean, how on earth
can one ever figure out
why you are different? You
just have that. You're different
from me. I don't know
which one of us is
different. The point is though
we're different. I think we're
pretty clear on the vineyard.
Here is a different one.
Yeah. See this though, where
we're in a mixed marriage
for a number of reasons
though. Do you think that
the computer person, normal person
thing is a bigger deal
than the cultural coming from
different countries? I would say
in our particular case, you
know, I'm sure it's different
from each couple that is
mixed in for more than
one reason in our particular
case, because you are so
much the engineer just as
who you are. And I
am so much not the
engineer, just as who I
am. I mean, Well, you're
into your, you're very social
and you are the coordinator
and you're the organizer. Right.
But at the emotional level.
Right. Right. And sometimes I
value different things than you
do. You know? I might,
I remember, I think we've
talked about this on one
of your shows before the
first, first time that we
traveled across the country together.
Right. In 2000. Yeah. In
2000, I was, and I'm
not going to go to,
I'm going to, I'm not
going to point out that
you got the year wrong.
I'm going to let that
go. And I was, how
late was I to the
flight? Right? Oh my goodness.
Oh, sweet Lord. Okay. I'm
going to rehash the whole
thing. You know, we have
to rehash the whole thing.
Here we go. So we
were going across the country.
It was going to be
planes, trains, and automobiles. And
our first flight was to
Phoenix and the flight was
at 11. So I got
to the airport at nine.
Right. And the flight was
at 11. And you got
at the airport at 1230.
Right? At which point I
was in a full blown
panic attack, had pulled, I
had pulled the flaw and
this was pre September 11.
So it was a little
more agility that we had.
But I had pulled the
luggage off the flight and
rebooked us on a one
o'clock flight. Right. You showed
up at 1230. Yeah. We
missed the one o'clock flight.
I think we left at
seven. Cause then the flight
after that got canceled. And,
And then it was so
because you didn't show up
for the flight in the
morning and I showed up
two hours early that made
us late, but be me
be showing up early. It
gave us the agility to,
to get the stuff off
the flight. We got there
at like nine o'clock. It
was, it was nighttime. When
we got there, it was
a 12 hour flight to
Phoenix. And then, you know,
for people who don't know
us very well, that just
sounds like, wow, Oh, you
know, that's terrible. Why can't
you keep Tom? Well, what
was I doing? Right? Then
you go back to the
bathroom. You were at work,
you were at work on
your very last day of
work and you wanted to
finish the work completely before
you quit the job. Right.
So my last day of
work was the day before.
And then my boss needed
something done. And she right.
Extra day of work for
free that you gave your
boss Did persist a few
hours. But again, what's, what's
a few hours when you're
supposed to join a plane.
Right. But so for me,
it was, well, I'm going
to be traveling across the
country with Scott. There's no
real agenda. We don't have
any hard goals. We're just
traveling across the country. So
I could give on that
in my mind, as opposed
to this thing that I
knew was important for my
boss, she would appreciate it.
It would make her life
easier after I was gone.
It wasn't much of a
choice for me do the
right thing. And in my
mind call me. So I
sat, did we have cell
phones back then? I don't
know. I'm pretty sure that
this telephone system has been
around longer than. Yeah. I
know for a fact that
I wouldn't have a cell
phone at the time, Of
course, but you could have
figured out some way you
wouldn't, it was 2000 so
dove or some kind of
a yes. A Raven. Right.
So, so coming back to
the point though, about cultural
differences and That was a
work ethics versus being on
time thing. Right. And what
would you have done in
that case? Your boss comes
to you. You've decided, okay,
I'm moving on. But there's
this thing that, you know,
he needs, do you say,
Hey, my time is done
and walk away. Do you
say, Hey, I'll give you
half of what it takes.
I mean, That's a challenge.
That's a challenging thing. I
think what I would have
said, which I'm assuming you
didn't is I would have
said, well, shoot, I have
a flight. I'm not saying
I wouldn't do it. I
would say I have a
flight. And if the boss
said, Oh gosh, could I
pay to have the flight
moved an hour or two?
Or could you move the
hour or two? But you
actually didn't even tell your
boss that you had a
flight. So you actually abstracted
away the fact that you
were going to be late
for your plane, thereby putting
our trip 12 hours late.
Right. And of course, I
didn't know it was gonna
be 12 hours late in
my mind, The result, the
result was a cascading failure,
but I'm less concerned about
that. But the fact that
I was waiting at the
airport, which was no fun,
let's draw it. So the
difference there is that you
swallowed the fact that we
were doing that you hid
that fact from the boss,
which was very noble to
be clear. But you would
say that if I said
to the boss, you know,
I got, I got a
flight, then I'm putting my
burdens onto the boss and
I'm stressing them out with
my personal stuff that the
boss doesn't need, that he
just needs his problem solved.
I mean, I didn't even
think about telling her, you
know, you said, I hid
that from the boss. I
didn't hide it because in
my mind it wasn't even
relevant to the issue. She,
what did she want from
me? She said, can I
do it right? And I
made a judgment, the judgment
call, right? As an adult,
you, you decide and you
suffer the consequences. My thought
was, Oh, it's not that
big a deal. You know,
we don't have a hard
stop anywhere or a hard
start the next day. It's
fine. We're just moving along.
I wish I had known
we'd been nosy. Nobody told
you that you just thought
it was going to be
ruthless efficiency. I would stay
home. And then I would
have come back later. Exactly.
Again, if you had known,
if I had known, I
would have not showed up.
Exactly. And then you do
run into that, you know,
your actions do impact other
people. And what point do
you have to consider the
other person? Because certainly it
was never meant to be
disrespectful to you. Right. So
then you have to rebuild
that marriage anyway. And you've
married me anyway. Oh, you're
a state. Oh, fantastic. Actually
we're at the end. We
have 30, 30 minutes now,
but I did want to
ask one question why I
really like to be at
the airport early. I try
to get there an hour
or two early. You think
that it's an accomplishment to
put your foot in the
door as they're closing the
door to the, to the
airplane? Yeah. Just one more.
This one more like, that's
like an achievement. You're like
awesome. I didn't wait a
second. Where's that coming from?
And again, I don't know
that this is going to
be relevant to everybody. Look,
my, my take on airports
has been primarily, very sad,
right? For the longest time
I was in the United States
by myself, without my family.
So I associated Edwards with
leaving family. It was not
a place that I think
of fondly and be like,
woo, I'm going to spend
four hours waiting at the
airport. It was almost always
a, I'm saying goodbye to
somebody that I love, that
I care about Wildwood. I
there, I mean, I don't
want to spend a second
longer than I need to.
You know, your, your listeners
will be thrilled to know
that now that we have
kids, I certainly don't do
that least not nearly as
much as I used to
when I was single, because
it's a stressful, my kid.
So, you know, and now
airports mean, you know, half
the time I'll come to
meet you at the airport.
So it's a happier still.
Don't like to go two
hours early though. Come on.
No, I still don't like
that. And you've never told
me that before. I didn't
know that they, you thought
they were sad. You just
thought I was dead. I
just didn't know. I just
thought you liked being late
benefit of the doubt. And
I figured it down. Wow.
The more, you know, this
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes. Thank you. Small
wife, walk up, honey. We'll
see you again next week.